All right, so we'll learn
a little bit about Redux today.
Redux it is a state management tool,
it is commonly used with React.
But it doesn't have to be, redux can
be used with any front end framework,
redux can even be used anywhere
JavaScript can be written.
Redux can be used on the back end,
on the front end, with React,
with whatever you wanna do with just
vanilla JavaScript, with Angular.
In this case where we'll
talk about Redux and
then we'll build some react applications
with it to kind of see it in practice.
All right, so
what are we gonna cover in this workshop?
One of the things that I've noticed is
a lot of times you're learning Redux, but
you're learning Redux and React.
And then there is a third library that
we'll see in our time together called
React-Redux.
So all of a sudden, you sitting down
you're learning Redux, React Redux, and
then how to integrate into a React
application and all the best practices
around that at the same time, and
all of a sudden, you're really sad, right?
And then you enter the next
phase of learning React and
Redux I've gotten really good at copy and
pasting these pieces from the other part
of the code base and
I think I mostly know what they do.
Or I've grabbed stuff from the
documentation and it kind of makes sense,
it works at least, right?
We're gonna try to move us to the third
stage pass out which is, now I get it,
I understand Redux,
I can plug it into a React application,
I understand each piece.
So kind of work through it and
see how each piece kind of
builds on top of each other, and
then finally we'll look at this thing
called React Toolkit which is a another
set of abstractions to take all the kind
of low level stuff that we're doing.
And bundles it up real nicely, in a way
that hides some of the inner workings,
that I think are important to know but
also allows you to kind of reduce
the amount of boiler plate and
TDM that you might have to go through
while setting up a React application.
Finally, what good front end application
doesn't have to make at least some kind of
network request at some
point to get some data.
So we'll look at how do we make API
requests and update our state as well?
So it kind of slowly build, we'll use
hooks, we'll use higher order components,
we're gonna see each phase as we
learned Redux all the way from.
Okay, here it is,
just the library itself to building
some small applications as we go along.
Great, so the good news is
that the API service area for
Redux is pretty reasonable,
Redux has effectively
five methods are functions attached to it.
And four of them are just
helper utility methods, right?
They are just effectively not
dissimilar from methods you might find
in a library like Lodash or underscore,
they just allow you to kind
of take very common things and
do them a little bit easier, right?
And so we'll kind of go through the entire
API surface area of Redux just by
itself, right?
We're not gonna worry about okay, then I
got to plug it into react application so
on so forth.
We will do all that but at first,
what if we just mastered Redux?
Seems good, right?
So the question was, where are things
like use reducer, or in this case,
it's actually use selector and
use dispatch.
They're not in Redux,
that's not in the Redux library, right?
That isn't a I kind of
alluded to this earlier,
a fun other library called React Redux,
which is, neither react nor
redux and
is the bindings between Redux and React.
So we will jump into that but that is
actually not on the surface area of Redux,
and that kind of makes sense.
If you think about it, cuz like we said
before, Redux is very commonly found used
in React applications but
it doesn't have to be, right?
You code,
build a game with HTML5 Canvas and
choose to use Redux to manage
the state and application.
You could decide I wanna use this
in an embryo application and
you could use Redux to manage the state
in that application or Angular.
You could use it on the server side and
node, you could also use it just as easily
to kind of manage state
using the same principles.
So the actual core library itself is kind
of just like unaware of react, right?
And then we have those bindings
in the either amazingly named or
poorly named React and Redux library.
Cuz it on one hand does exactly what it
says on the tin, on the other hand is kind
of when you explain the what
something means by using the words.
And we'll figure out how to bind it
into react application there, so
it's actually not on
the surface here of Redux.
So the question was, well why use
Redux doesn't React these days
come with a use reducer that is
kind of basically the same thing.
It is similar, but it also lacks a lot of
the bells and whistles as well, right?
One way to think about it is,
you might have a single speed
bike that's probably useful for
getting around town but
it's maybe not a mountain bike or a racing
bike or something along those lines.
So one of the things that Redux has that
they kind of built in version two react
doesn't have is things like
middleware built in, right?
Things like the binding for high order
components that will take care of
memorization and try to avoid re rendering
components when possible, right?
There's a lot of kind of just slightly
more advanced things that come in Redux
that are not in the use reducer
hook that come in React.
That in a large enough application, you're
either going to find yourself needing
Redux or if you're going down this
kind of, reducer kind of path.
Or you might find yourself putting so
many plugins into the built in user
duser hook into React that you've
effectively recreated Redux
without the same level of support.
Cool, Mark?
>> Yeah, could you briefly describe
the difference between Redux and
the context API.
>> Yeah, so the difference in Redux and
the context API,
which is Redux is very similar to
this whole users reducer part.
The context API is actually used by both
of them to kind of thread access to your
store throughout the application.
So, Redux isn't necessarily different
than the context API in so far that it
uses the context API, the React Redux
library that we'll see in a little bit.
Uses the context API to give all
of your different components,
access to your Redux store from
anywhere within the application.
So both Use reducer and Redux will use the
context API to make your store available
without having to thread your props
from the highest component down to
the lowest level component and
your events back up.
They both use the context API, so
it's not necessary that Redux is
different than the context API.
It is using it as well
as the use reducer hook.